Part 1:
Feedback on my Topic

I asked classmates about my topic and recieved this feedback:

I asked Davis Dowdle if he thought a dataset about yoyos, about cars, or about engagement rings would be better.
    He told me that he liked the yoyo dataset idea because it was unique and interesting. He had never head of that before.

Byron and I shared our project ideas during class one day, and he told me that he liked my yoyo idea. His only concern was
    I needed to have enough information and enough yoyos to go off of.

I didn't get another classmate for the third piece of feedback, but I did ask a grad student, Thomas Whitney. He is a fan
    of yoyoing like me, and also doing the integraded masters program. He loved the idea because there wasn't a public dataset
    available with the information I was seeking.


This feedback helped me to decide to change my project from car listings on ksl, to a dataset about yoyos, something I'm more
    passionate about. I also liked Byrons suggestions, and I made sure there was enough data to collect before I started coding.
    I also liked the reassurance from Thomas that this was a good idea. Their help gave me a good start to the project.

Part 2:
Feedback on Blog Post 1

The first piece of feedback for my blog post was from Isaac Aguilar on discord. He mentioned that he liked my ethical
    concerns for my data scraping. He didn't have many suggestions for what I should change, but he mentioned that he
    thought it looks great.

My next piece of feedback come again from my good friend Davis. He mentioned that I used Jupiter instead of Jupyter.
    He also suggested that I use a table format for showing my final data set. However, I tried to do this, but the
    format of the blog post wasn't working with me. The theme I used was really confusing for adding tables.

My third review comes from a non-classmate. Her name is Molly, and she also is a yoyo fan. I decided to use her feedback
    because I think this topic is a little niche and it would be useful to get an insider's feedback. She also doesn't 
    have a project of her own to do so she isn't trying to rush the feedback. For this post she told me I should try to
    keep the tense the same. I swap from past tense to future tense and it is confusing.

I ended up following the suggested I got for this section. Changing the tense to match the other paragraphs really helped
the flow. I also am glad that Davis pointed out my typo, because that would have been embarrassing if someone caught me
on that. The feedback process was straightforward here, but I'm glad I asked for it because it made it better.

First Iteration SHA:
a60ac201db595b09c346bfdd0b702c034f6121be

Part 3:
Feedback on EDA

Isaac also gave me feedback for my EDA blog post. After appreciating my Q&A section, he mentioned that he was confused
    about my scatter matrix. The labels were only showing on the first row of values. I actually messed with this for 
    a decent amount of time trying to fix it. I eventually figured it out, and fixed it in my blog post.

Davi's advice here was also to add captions to the heatmap. I didn't realize that it stood out so much. Like I mentioned
    above, I spend a long time trying to figure out why it wasn't displaying properly. I think it had to do with the
    aspect ratio. I'm glad I finally fixed it.


Molly also gave me feedback for this section. I had other feedback, but I again liked her feedback because of the unique
    perspective. For this part, she recommended that I adjusted one of my questions. The answer to the question about
    material impacting price seemed funny compared to the answer. She also suggested that I mention why normal people
    don't need an expensive, titanium yoyo. This is great advice because most people would wonder why they were so
    expensive.

The process of implamenting these suggestion was not so straightforward. It was difficult to figure out why my code
wan't displaying properly. I was ready to give up after looking for a while, but when the second person give me the 
same feedback, I realized that I really should fix it. In the end, I'm glad I followed the advice because it really
does look much better. I am also glad that I added more information about the expensive yoyos. This could give some
people quite a scare. I never have spend over $130 on a yoyo before. (My most expensive was $130)

First Iteration SHA:
4b2d6124f839c858833b722accd069b834961e63

Part 4:
Feedback on Streamlit app

Isaac again gave me feedback on my streamlit app. He suggested that I add a link to my GitHub repository. I had
    mentioned that you could find the link through the streamlit app, but that might not work for all platforms.
    I decided to go ahead and add it to the botttom.

Davis gave me feedback about my app. He said he really liked it and that the interactive graphs were a nice touch.
    His comment on discord didn't give me much to improve on, but early in class when I was developing it he told
    me that I should make sure to explain the graphs. Before, I had kind of thrown them in and not explained them
    very well.

For my third piece of feedback, I also used Molly's suggestions. She suggested that I change the wording of 
    "Enter a yoyo name:" to "Enter a yoyo from list:" because she tried a few of her yoyos and they weren't 
    found in my list. This is a great point, that only someone of her perspective would have thought about.

These suggestions weren't as imparative, but I'm glad I got a perspective of someone that was in the yoyoing
community. I want to make sure my projects and blog posts are friendly to all people, not just those that know
technical jargon. Maybe one day someone will find my applet and it will be really cool to them.

First Iteration SHA:
9646aacae1f4a0ca47c912d301327e1e36a2cf2a

The feedback part was really useful, thanks for having be a part of this project!





